# Overview of found data sets for applied ML onto FM from 2019-2023

<!-- This file is automatically generated. Do not edit. -->

* [SAT](#sat)
* [Theorem Proving](#theorem-proving)
* [Model Checking](#model-checking)
* [Synthesis](#synthesis)
* [SMT](#smt)

## SAT

* You, Jiaxuan and Wu, Haoze and Barrett, Clark and Ramanujan, Raghuram and Leskovec, Jure (2019). G2SAT: Learning to Generate SAT Formulas. In _Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 32 (NeurIPS 2019)_ 32. Curran Associates, Inc.. [[url](https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper_files/paper/2019/file/daea32adcae6abcb548134fa98f139f9-Paper.pdf)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L1843)]

## Theorem Proving

* Reichel, Tom and Henderson, R. Wesley and Touchet, Andrew and Gardner, Andrew and Ringer, Talia (2023). Proof Repair Infrastructure for Supervised Models: Building a Large Proof Repair Dataset. In _14th International Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving (ITP 2023)_, Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) 268, p. 26:1--26:20. Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik. [[doi](http://dx.doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.ITP.2023.26)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L1387)]
* Goertzel, Zarathustra A. and Jakubův, Jan and Kaliszyk, Cezary and Olšák, Miroslav and Piepenbrock, Jelle and Urban, Josef (2022). The Isabelle ENIGMA. In _13th International Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving (ITP 2022)_, Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) 237, p. 16:1--16:21. Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik. [[doi](http://dx.doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.ITP.2022.16)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L566)]
* Jesse Michael Han and Jason Rute and Yuhuai Wu and Edward Ayers and Stanislas Polu (2022). Proof Artifact Co-Training for Theorem Proving with Language Models. In _1st Mathematical Reasoning in General Artificial Intelligence Workshop, ICLR 2021_.. [[url](https://openreview.net/forum?id=rpxJc9j04U)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L605)]
* Shminke, Boris (2022). gym-saturation: an OpenAI Gym environment for saturation provers. In _Journal of Open Source Software_ 7(71), p. 3849. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L1524)]
* Jiang, Albert Qiaochu and Li, Wenda and Han, Jesse Michael and Wu, Yuhuai (2021). LISA: Language models of ISAbelle proofs. In _6th Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving_, p. 378--392. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L762)]
* StanisŁaw PurgaŁ and Julian Parsert and Cezary Kaliszyk (2021). A study of continuous vector representations for theorem proving. In _Journal of Logic and Computation_ 31(8), p. 2057--2083. [[doi](http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/logcom/exab006)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L1334)]
* Blaauwbroek, Lasse and Urban, Josef and Geuvers, Herman (2020). Tactic Learning and Proving for the Coq Proof Assistant. In _3rd InternationalConference on Logic for Programming,Artificial Intelligence and Reasoning_. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L132)]
* Nagashima, Yutaka (2020). Simple Dataset for Proof Method Recommendation in Isabelle/HOL. In _Intelligent Computer Mathematics_, p. 297--302. Springer International Publishing. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L1084)]
* Piotrowski, Bartosz and Urban, Josef (2020). Guiding Inferences in Connection Tableau by Recurrent Neural Networks. In _Intelligent Computer Mathematics_, p. 309--314. Springer International Publishing. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L1280)]
* Urban, Josef and Jakubův, Jan (2020). First Neural Conjecturing Datasets and Experiments. In _Intelligent Computer Mathematics_, p. 315--323. Springer International Publishing. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L1597)]
* Wang, Mingzhe and Deng, Jia (2020). Learning to Prove Theorems by Learning to Generate Theorems. In _Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems_ 33, p. 18146--18157. Curran Associates, Inc.. [[url](https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper_files/paper/2020/file/d2a27e83d429f0dcae6b937cf440aeb1-Paper.pdf)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L1627)]
* Wu, Minchao and Norrish, Michael and Walder, Christian and Dezfouli, Amir (2020). Reinforcement learning for interactive theorem proving in HOL4. In _Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving (AITP)_.. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L1703)]
* Wu, Yuhuai and Jiang, Albert and Grosse, Roger and Ba, Jimmy (2020). Neural Theorem Proving on Inequality Problems. In _Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving (AITP)_.. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L1711)]
* Bansal, Kshitij and Loos, Sarah and Rabe, Markus and Szegedy, Christian and Wilcox, Stewart (2019). HOList: An environment for machine learning of higher order logic theorem proving. In _International Conference on Machine Learning_, p. 454--463. PMLR. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L83)]
* Yang, Kaiyu and Deng, Jia (2019). Learning to Prove Theorems via Interacting with Proof Assistants. In _Proceedings of the 36th International Conference on Machine Learning_, Proceedings of Machine Learning Research 97, p. 6984--6994. PMLR. [[url](https://proceedings.mlr.press/v97/yang19a.html)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L1795)]

## Model Checking

* Wang, Qiang and Cao, Weipeng and Jiang, Jiawei and Zhao, Yongxin and Ming, Zhong (2021). NNRW-Based Algorithm Selection for Software Model Checking. In _Proceedings of ELM2019_, p. 11--21. Springer International Publishing. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L1649)]

## Synthesis

* Bordg, Anthony and Stathopoulos, Yiannos A and Paulson, Lawrence C (2022). A parallel corpus of natural language and Isabelle artefacts. In _Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving (AITP)_.. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L148)]
* He, Jie and Bartocci, Ezio and Ničković, Dejan and Isakovic, Haris and Grosu, Radu (2022). DeepSTL: From English Requirements to Signal Temporal Logic. In _Proceedings of the 44th International Conference on Software Engineering_, ICSE '22, p. 610–622. Association for Computing Machinery. [[doi](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/3510003.3510171)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L614)]
* Cai, C.-H. and Sun, J. and Dobbie, G. (2019). Automatic B-model repair using model checking and machine learning. In _Automated Software Engineering_ 26(3), p. 653-704. [[doi](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10515-019-00264-4)][[bibtex](../database.bib#L164)]

## SMT

* Dunkelau, J. and Baldus, L. (2021). Ranking model checking backends for automated selection via classification and regression learning. In _OVERLAY’21: Workshop on Artificial Intelligence and fOrmal VERification, Logic, Automata, and sYnthesis, 22nd September, 2021, Padova, Italy_. p. 77-82. [[bibtex](../database.bib#L361)]

